#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
boto3==1.36.4
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.36.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.12
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
langchain==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.5
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.0
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
notebook==7.3.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
openai==1.60.0
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.15
    # via langsmith
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   nbconvert
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pillow==11.1.0
    # via sentence-transformers
pinecone-client==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-plugin-inference==1.1.0
    # via pinecone-client
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pinecone-plugin-inference
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==6.1.1
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydotplus==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via pydotplus
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==308
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.14
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.11.1
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sentence-transformers==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via langchain
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
torch==2.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.48.1
    # via sentence-transformers
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   langchain-core
    #   mistune
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-json-logger
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
